A: pretty much finished the frame, will start writing the doc today. Want to do some caluclations to make sure it's strong enough.
S: rub one off when you have a shower
S: Why that password change?
A: Because it expired.
S: *more useless banter*
W: these two cooling designs are the same
S: yeah
W: when the system reaches steady state it's exactly the same 
W: split into three separate pipes
S: that's an option
W: so yeah there's a difference
S: did you make them yourself?
W: yes
S: I am awake
B: do they have a temperature thing inside the laser
A: are you taking notes pole?
P: yes
S: pole writes notes
W: *something about coolers*
S: *coolers*
S: alex, you seem to know what you're doing
A: let's decide what we need to do by week 10
S: do we want to take up chris on his offer and have a chat?
W: I didn't get that
S: yeah you did, you were ccd
W: no, I actually legitematly don't have it
A: what's your u-number?
B: it eneded up in junk
A: would it be worth meeting with him? it's useless and no time
S: he probs have diff priorities, and make us do useless stuff
A: not keen on doing that
A: let's send him an email saying f off
S: phrase it better
S: project showcase is on 12 Oct
A: I think course work should be a priority. When do we submit the poster?
S: Same day as project showcase. 12 Oct.
A: In that case let's have it finished by Mon week 10.
S: I'd like Jared to go over it and let's stick to the other ones upstairs. Have final draft by Monday week 10.
A: It should be easy enough to write a high-level summary of their section. Take intro from old poster.
S: Let's rewrite old poster to minimize citations
P: steve can't do references without latex anymore
A: is everyone happy with that
P: I can put the poster together
S: I'll get temlate from marcus
W: was EOS cooling 16 or 14?
S: 17C
W: +-1C precision
W: Jack thought cooling will be in the lab
S: that's not confirmed 
S: here's the old poster
P: yeah I can make that
A: do we want to have all group stuff finished by mon wk 10?
S: yeah that gives us two more fridays
A: is everyone on track?
S: W, are you on track?
W: yeah
S: inc report?
W: yeah, 2-3 pages long
A: def can do my bit
S: B?
B: I have questions about control system, does EOS laser monitor temperature inside the laser?
S: What temp?
B: Cooling.
S: the coolers are separate
W: the coolers control the temp of the water
S: *lots of pointless discussion about cooling*
B: so we don't need any temp sensor?
S: no, focus on power draw and comms
A: have you thought about getting cables from EC to LH?
B: they already managed it
A: no, whole enclosure is our idea
S: there are 10 cables from EC to LH, if EC is on ground floor that's lots of cables
A: also in terms of getting it inside the box
A: I was googling something the other day, like air tight cable plugs
W: we'll need water cables too, isn't breadboard enclosed?
A: yes *shows blueprint*
W: you need a gap near where ANU laser is sitting for the cooling
S: have one entry point at each breadboard
W: yeah that could work
B: remember when james drew diagram of 3 breadboards, which breadboard on each level?
S: make the same holes at each level
W: water flow? ~10 cm pipe
W: we will need 3 entry and exit points for 10 cm pipe
S: are you sure? is it capable of that?
A: do we need a big report if we have subsystem reports?
S: yeah because stuff and things
W: this is for steel pipes we are not using that, I think it was 9/11 per minute, which is low
S: I can't find this meeting, has Chris bamboolzled me?
W: how many liters is a gallon?
S: it's like 3, imperial or the other one? 
W: what's gpm?
P: gallons per minute
S: imperial or us?
P: US, no one uses that other one
W: how is cooling capacity not tied to pump rate?
S: *more theory of coolers*
S: ok meeting is over

